Fix message bug (#1081)
openfisca/openfisca-core: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

### 35.7.3 [#1081](https://github.com/openfisca/openfisca-core/pull/1081)

> - Fix misnamed attribute in mis-sized population error message

Reviewer: We try to keep the changelog user-oriented and not get too technical in it 🙂 
```suggestion
- Correct error message in case of mis-sized population 
```
